`::[]` *creates new array with given objects -> `Array.[](1,2,'name')`*

`::new` *comes in three variations. The first one is `Array.new(size = 0, obj = nil)` where it creates a new array with the specified size, populated with the same object passed as a second argument i.e `Array.new(3,'Hi!') --> ['Hi!','Hi!','Hi!']`. **note** The second parameter, the object in this case, will be used as the value for all the array elements. A change to one of them, affects all of them: `c = Array.new(2, Hash.new) --> [{},{}] --> c[0]['nino'] = 'hola' --> [{'nino' => 'hola'},{'nino' => 'hola'}]`* 
*If none of those two are provided, it will return an empty array.*
*The second variation is calling Array.new with a single argument, an already existing array, which will then create a copy of `Array.new(targ_array)`. The array is generated by calling `to_ary` on the parameter.*
*The third variation comes in a similar form, this time passing a block to the newly created array and using the index of each time `Array.new(3) {|x| x * 5 } --> [0, 5, 10]`.*

`::try_convert` *this method tries to convert an object into an array using `to_ary` method. It returns the converted array or `nil` if the object cannot be converted for any reason i.e `Array.try_convert(['blah']) --> ['blah'], Array.try_convert(1) --> nil`. This is useful when checking if an argument is an array or not. **note** the same method can be found for the `String` class.*

`#&` *otherwise known as 'set intersection'. It returns a new array containing elements that are common in both arrays leaving out any duplicates i.e `[1,1,2,3,4,5,5] & [2,1,5] --> [1,2,5]` **note** the order is preserved from the original array. It compares elements using their hash and eql? methods. Similar to the `uniq` method.*

`#*` *otherwise known as 'repetition'. Comes in two flavors. If it's passed with an int argument i.e `[2,1,5] * 2` it returns a new array with built by adding the int copies `[2,1,5,2,1,5]`. If instead of int is passed with a string i.e `[2,1,5] * '.'` it returns a new string `'2.1.5'` similar to using the `ary.join(str)` method*

#+
#-
#<<
#<=>
#==
#[]
#[]=
#assoc
#at
#bsearch
#clear
#collect
#collect!
#combination
#compact
#compact!
#concat
#count
#cycle
#delete
#delete_at
#delete_if
#drop
#drop_while
#each
#each_index
#empty?
#eql?
#fetch
#fill
#find_index
#first
#flatten
#flatten!
#frozen?
#hash
#include?
#index
#initialize_copy
#insert
#inspect
#join
#keep_if
#last
#length
#map
#map!
#pack
#permutation
#pop
#product
#push
#rassoc
#reject
#reject!
#repeated_combination
#repeated_permutation
#replace
#reverse
#reverse!
#reverse_each
#rindex
#rotate
#rotate!
#sample
#select
#select!
#shift
#shuffle
#shuffle!
#size
#slice
#slice!
#sort
#sort!
#sort_by!
#take
#take_while
#to_a
#to_ary
#to_h
#to_s
#transpose
#uniq
#uniq!
#unshift
#values_at
#zip
#|